>> Josh Long: We're going
to talk about security.
We're going to talk about what it
looks like to do security in a spring
application.
Typically.
Now I'm going to build a new
service here called Auth, right.
And it's going to be a web application.
I'm going to use spring security.
I'm also going to bring in the OAUTH
authorization service support.
We'll come back and
talk about that means in just a second.
I also want a SQL database, so
you know our old friend JDBC and Postgres.
Okay, there's that uao, auth, zip.
Okay, do I have a Docker image running?
Good, go back here.
Okay, I don't think I created
a Docker compose file.
Do I need it?
Maybe not.
Copy, go to my Downloads directory.
Touch compose, YAML,
subol compose YAML paste that in.
Same old same, okay.
Same old PostgreSQL directory
thing since time immemorial.
So Docker compose up.
Okay, so I'm going to talk about security.
Security is really hard and I'm doing the,
I've done you a disservice by leaving
security to the very end of this.
Really, this should be a conversation you
have at the very beginning of your system
design, right?
It's one of those things where
if you get it right, as my dad,
my late father, I have two dads,
my late father he would have said it's
a cinch by the inch, hard by the art.
Apologies to everybody else who doesn't.
Doesn't use freedom units, but it just
means that it's easy by the centimeter,
hard by the meter, right?
It's more difficult if you wait
until it accrues and do it later.
Whereas if you do it as you go, it's
a very easy thing to kind of contend with.
So security is one of the things
you really want to do up front.
And my central thesis today is
that security with passwords is
fundamentally just broken.
It's not a good way to build a system.
So what we're going to look at today is a
number of things that you can use to make
your system more secure.
I'm going to use.
This is the rare Josh editing.
Upon that XML moment here, I'm going to
add a dependency called Webauthn core.
Look at that.
So that's very important.
Blink and you'll miss it.
Dependency for Webauthn.
Now what I want to do is I want
to secure this application.
I've got a Java application here.
Let's just get a simple HTTP
controller Response body.
Hello, controller Git mapping.
Hello, okay, and
what am I going to put in here?
Yes, you guessed it, a simple message.
So string hello, hello,
principal return map of.
So what did I just do there?
I injected the principle.
This is a Java security printable object.
And what does it do?
This has been in the Java security
specification for, I don't know,
20 years, as long as I can remember.
And the principal has just
one interesting method,
which is give me the name of
the currently authenticated principle.
Where does that come from?
Well, somebody's got to put that there.
It's got to make it available
to the rest of the system.
That's where Spring security comes in.
Think of Spring security as a big filter
that sits around your application,
guarding it from requests from
the outside world and, you know,
demanding that there be some
sort of authentication.
That happens.
And then once you're authenticated,
handling authorization, right?
That is to say, authentication is the
question what who is making the request?
Authorization is what permissions do they
have once they're inside the system?
Okay, so I want to handle that.
So I'm going to create
a security filter chain.
So my auth security filter chain and
I'm going to throw an exception.
I'm going to inject something
called HTTP security,
HTTP security, and
I will use that to call build.
So this is in theory a functioning
Spring Security app, right.
It'll do the job, right.
In fact,
this doesn't do anything different.
In fact, if you just left it out,
it would still do something in that
this endpoint is no longer accessible.
I've got Spring security
in the class path and
by default everything is
locked down on the class.
But let me spring data source JDBC,
PostgreSQL, Localhost my database.
Okay, username.
My user password is secret.
Okay, so I'm going to start that again.
Go to localhost8080.
Hello?
Nothing, right?
It wouldn't let me log in.